I will do my best.
Live up to Mr. Gu's trust in me
If you have any questions, please contact Chen Tairong directly.
madam
If this costume show has been messed up
Even the king of heaven can't hold him
Nice work.
Remember to send me the address of the project launch event.
OK
I want to see it with my own eyes
It's a good show
You two go check the client list
Mommy
Thanks baby
Chen Lezhu, you came just in time
I'm going to the airport to pick up supermodel William in a while
Please take care of Yoyo for me
No problem. There's a children's playground right next to it.
I'll take him to play for a while
Yoyo, you must listen to your uncle
Mom will be back soon.
Go ahead.